a superficial view of the map
German
in the north flat in the middle mountainous
and high mountains to the south
we want a superficial look now
to deepen something you subdivide
Germany so spacious one can
differ in north sea baltic and
coastal north german lowland
Mittelgebirgsschwelle southwestern German
stratum levels of land alps and
alpen we see that on the map
once to the coastal region on the left
the north sea is right the baltic sea the
North German lowlands join
and extends from Lower Saxony to
Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania over all
northern Germany
South of a line Hanover
Brunswick and Magdeburg begins the
Mid-mountain threshold in the southwest
joins the southwestern German
layer scale country
south of the Danube begins
Alpine foothills in the very south of Bavaria
then rises the high mountains of
Alps
essential for the landscapes in
europe and in today's germany
the glaciers of the last ice ages that
So the relief of the landscape
of the north German lowland it was of
the ice masses shaped this spread
in the ice age from the north
direction scandinavia over all
Northern Germany from the glaciers
pushed up to the central mountain area
in front
also the alps and the alpine foreland
were made by ice sheets from the
high mountains and movement of glaciers
in its present form that shaped
high mountains of the alps are located since
many millions of years in such a way
mentioned geological development
earth plates press against each other and
let the mountains rise
the alps count like the himalayas or the
Caucasus to the younger high mountains
the southwestern german layer grades land
also called southwest german stages land
has been through in millions of years
overlay of layers and demolition
formed by stages its today
Landform is also due to the break
The Upper Rhine Graben is characterized by
around 35 million years ago the
German middle mountains belong to the
Europe's oldest in front of around 350 million
years, numerous mountains were created
by collision different
continental earth plates in front of over 200
For millions of years, that was rising and falling
Land over and under the
Sea level